DOCSP-37496 - FAQ (#35)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/fundamentals/dates-and-times.txt

   explicitly returns the current time in UTC. Avoid using the ``datetime.datetime.now()``
   method, with no arguments, which returns the current local time.

How Can I Save a ``datetime.date`` Instance?
-----------------------------------------------

{+driver-short+} doesn't support saving ``datetime.date`` instances, since

> there is no BSON type for dates without times. Rather than having the
> driver enforce a convention for converting ``datetime.date``
> instances to ``datetime.datetime`` instances for you, you should
> perform any conversion in your client code.

Reviewer: To make Vale happy:

```suggestion
there is no BSON type for dates without times. Perform any conversions in your client code rather than having the
driver enforce a convention for converting ``datetime.date``
instances to ``datetime.datetime`` instances for you.
```
